There we go. Was it live? Yes, it is
live.
No steak.
Got some ribs though is pretty good. Got
another set in as well.
195 bench for eight at the end of the
workout is not bad.
Before I hurt my shoulder and when I was
20 lbs heavier, my best was 210 for 10.
So, I'd say I'm for the body weight
stronger now than uh if I put a few more
pounds back on, we should get it.
Okay,
time for
uh whatever the hell we were doing
before. Back in Maryland. Yes,
you can see that from the gym and
servers behind me.
Where were we? Right, we were working on
constellation.
Quick preview for those who haven't seen
it yet. This is the current state of
puffer constellation.
This is the latest project.
We are sprucing it up right now.
There's one more feature left to
implement, but pretty much I got to
spruce it up first. We're going to make
it look good. We're going to get that
last feature in and then uh we should
have a pretty well complete version of
this this week. And this dashboard thing
is about onethird of the next update.
So, good progress.
I've spent now probably a total of two
weeks of work on this thing. Um, but
like half of that work was not writing
the C version. Half that work was the
prototype and figuring out what plots to
even use and like experiment management
and stuff. So, pretty good time.
I think this is pretty cool. Like, are
these points always the same size? Yeah,
if you get closer, they're always the
same size, which I like.
This is nice.
Um,
right. So, we're going to make this spin
less fast first.
Where did Rayb go?
Here.
Yeah, here.
Oh, and I'm getting my music evening
stream. Got to keep myself awake.
Somebody explain why I don't have access
to these functions.
Are you using arch? Nope. This is
abundu.
Now I am arguably more tryh hard but I
try hard on other things.
So I guess the Omari things kind of
brought Arch back and made it kind of
easy now, right?
It used to be like two days to install
the bloody thing.
I mean, I guess this could be version
diff, right? I'd be shocked, but
I guess I just downloaded bind. So here
I got to go look up.
Can I get Do they have their branches
tagged like this?
Literally just master branch. Wow.
No version branches. One branch project.
No dev branches.
Holy Chad.
All right. Well, we'll see. Well, no,
wait. This is 5.5. I have the latest
one.
This should not go underneath this
though, right?
Oh, that's a little awkward.
Really hate Python that much.
Even just does this look like just data
viz to you? All right, let me show you
something.
Just lag for five seconds.
Cool. Here's Python. This wasn't easier
and it's slow and it's hard to
customize. This sucks.
This
is awesome.
I'm trying to think what to do with this
cuz it's simultaneously too colorful but
also like not going to be contra.
There's not going to be enough contrast.
The thing that's bad in Python is you
write a for loop and then you wait until
you're 80 before it finishes.
That's the thing that's bad with Python.
And then people start not writing for
loops because they want to use Python
but fast. And then they write awful
[ __ ]
it would literally it wouldn't be any
easier is the thing.
So, if I have the choice between writing
it in like annoying language that's not
easier and is slow and has depths
or I can just write it in C and have my
life be easier and have it be more
custom and have it be faster and also
have it run locally like an app like
this. Why wouldn't I just do this?
And there's a difference between having
to have it super optimized and like
literally everything lagging for 3
seconds. This is not super optimized.
This is just base performance you get
out of writing [ __ ] in C.
Look, a UI that actually is responsive.
Am I crazy for wanting to get rid of the
access labels? They really don't do
much.
I'll keep him here and then obviously
here.
I can't figure out what to do with the
colors more than anything.
Pressure to ship code is just too high.
And then you ship garbage.
[Music]
I guarantee you,
you go do something like this, you write
something lowlevel. One, you'll be a
better programmer. Two, you just write
better code. Three, everything is fast.
And four, it turns out this is actually
just easier.
What the project is? The goal of this?
Well, you're looking at one very small
part of a much bigger project. The goal
is to make reinforcement learning sane.
generally uh available fast and actually
work. So all of these are RL
environments.
Most of these you can train on your
laptop in a few seconds. These are
agents running in your browser. These
are just running like on a single thread
on your local machine.
Not just games has also got drones and
driving sims and stuff.
So that's puffer.
Um, what I'm doing right now is
visualization work as part of the next
update. So, this is visualizing what's
going to be the largest ever set of uh,
publicly available reinforcement
learning experiments.
And I'm trying to come up with nice ways
to visualize stuff. And then today, I'm
having a little bit of fun making it
pretty.
M getus to 1.0 PF then drops.
If you can just stop and have it be
stable, then yeah, you probably just
have some hypers.
Okay, the thing I can't figure out how
to do right now is
I'm probably going to end up with like
25 plus environments, right?
So, how do we show all these different
ends?
Yeah, go do some sweeps.
Um,
yeah. So, this is the thing I can't
figure out. I really don't want to have
Oops. That's the slow shitty Python
version.
And like that's pretty freaking cool,
right?
But the thing is now I can't tell
anything apart.
And even if I do this, like you still
can't tell anything apart, right?
What do the vectors represent? So, here,
let me get the data. Let me get this
back so you can actually see it.
Me pause my music so I stop yelling.
Right. So each color is a different
environment. Each point is a different
experiment. This is like maybe 10% or
less of the total number of experiments
that I've run. These are just the Pareto
optimal experiments. So this is the best
subset of all the experiments that I've
run. Um there are three axes. You can
set them to anything that you want. It's
currently steps and cost versus on the
up axis is score. So it's if you use
more compute or if you use more d more
data
um how does performance change you can
plot anything you want in 3D here
similarly we have a plot whatever you
want any metrics from any environments
or all environments in 2D including the
color right so you basically have a full
data suite 2D and 3D analysis here of
all your experiments or individual
environments worth of experiments
however you like uh this down here these
sections are dedicated to hyperparameter
tuning and stuff. So this is an
embedding plot of all the different
hyperparameter settings for all the
different runs. So what this means is
basically that for a lot of these
environments uh they just have very
different hyperparameter settings and
you can kind of tell which environments
are which just by their hyperparameter
settings. And this is going to lead to
further analysis that's going to be done
like offline where the results are not a
graph. The results are just a set of
hyperparameters you should use. But this
is going to give you visual intuition
for what's going on. And then this one
is the hyperparameter stable range. So
here I can say for all experiments that
have performance above 0.5 and cost no
more than 100 seconds to run, what are
the regions for which I have good
hyperparameter values and I can just get
this result from here. So this is
essentially just a toolkit for
understanding everything possible about
uh your experiments and this is going to
come with all of this data here plus
more that I'm still running loaded in.
So it'll come with the largest set of
publicly available RL experiments out
there and you can also load your own in
for analysis. And the idea is that this
is going to be the most powerful
visualization toolkit available in
reinforcement learning. It's super fast.
It's super convenient. It runs on your
browser. It runs locally. It's super
snappy. It can handle a lot of data. And
it looks very nice as well. Welcome to
Puffer Constellation.
Yeah, I'd like it to be uh I'd like to
actually have it look good. And I'm
still trying to figure that out. I'm not
an artist.
Hardware RL. What do you mean hardware
RL?
have them fade down and twinkle.
Uh, I have to add in selection still. I
think there's going to be a tool tip for
selection,
but like
all right, this is like not colorful and
not enough color, right?
buffer database.
I'm just going to give you a single
binary.
I we could do something like this where
it's a restricted range, I guess.
It will I will have it support hover
eaten. I haven't implemented that yet,
but yeah, I'll have it support hover.
That's not hard.
Um,
That hue 0 to 180
be any green.
Not hugging face for puffer just like a
simple binary format.
Yeah. So why is there green in this?
Oh, is this thing getting um
Hang on.
Why is there green?
Am I dumb?
Rena is supposed to be down here. Oh,
wait.
Oh, it goes up.
Oh, I'm doing it backwards cuz I'm Okay,
so I actually want to do from
So, this is 360
180 to 360. I see.
Well, this just gives you a bunch of
magenta.
You have a script to automate.
Do you run the sweep and then you choose
the best parameter? Uh it's partially
automated. Let's say
Is there like a color space that just
does cleanly red and blue without going
through pink?
we actually had like a rocket lander end
that I started and didn't finish.
This has so many stupid ads. There we
go.
Yours does not have the color chart on
it. There we go.
We could do green and blue pretty easy,
right?
120.
It's like 120 to 240, right?
Oh, actually, no.
Yeah, we can do 120 240.
That's pretty nice.
This is not divergent enough is the
problem. Like it looks nice.
Um, it really depends more on the
problem complexity.
Oh, that looks nice. Look at this.
That actually looks pretty solid.
Except for the colors. All right. All
right. Here. I mean, look,
I'll uh I'll tell you what I have left
to do. Hang on.
So, I there are a few things. First of
all, I am actually trying to figure out
how to make this thing look nice. And
the problem with the colors is not just
me trying to figure out what colors look
pretty. It's the fact that like I have a
ton of different types of data in here.
And it's actually really hard to
represent like that many different types
of things without just making everything
rainbow, right? Cuz if you make
everything rainbow, you get a whole
bunch of different colors so it's easier
to differentiate stuff, but then
everything is rainbow, which is kind of
obnoxious. Um,
so I kind of need I'm probably just
going to have to have like some global
settings, right, where you can just set
the color scheme of stuff. I might have
to do that. We'll see. Uh, so that's one
thing. Then there are a few more UI
features to implement like you know
hover having drop downs. I got to rethe
like these drop downs here. So I have to
have a nice theme for these. I'm
probably going to like clean some stuff
up cuz like there's no point in having
plots with axes that don't tell you
anything, right? Like you don't need to
write value or hyperparameter here. You
can just have this take up the full
space and have it be cleaner and less
cluttered. I'm going to do some stuff
like that. And then the one other
feature I have to write that's really
complicated is uh there's like
hyperparameter selection based stuff. So
basically like I want to be able to
highlight connections between points in
this graph such as uh is there a set of
hyperparameters for which lots of
environments have similar
hyperparameters that all do well? Stuff
like that I want to be able to
visualize. You're actually going to get
connections between the little points
like a constellation if you would. Eh,
could you make it shine brighter on the
Fredo Frontier? Oh, okay. Yeah. One
second. Let me just do that for you.
This entire thing is the Purto Frontier.
These 2,000 some odd points are all
Purto points. I filtered this down from
like 40,000 points.
How's this look?
Super bright, right?
I could just stick some global settings
up there. Right.
It's a lot of M's together. Yeah.
Exactly. Exactly. Right. This is all the
M's. I can do just one N.
Right. You can get your Prito front for
just one M like this.
This is just Pong. Or say where's
Breakout? just break out.
All right, so I think that we'll solve
the color scheme [ __ ] thing just by
adding multiple schemes in.
Um, we'll just add like a global scheme
option because people are going to want
an option to disable this anyways if
they want like publication figs. You can
have we'll just have like a I am boring
or whatever.
option disable the shaders
different data sets using one mechanics.
I tried that there is not enough
variation in one color to actually give
you meaningful separation of more than
like five or six different types of
points. We're we have 12 different types
of points and we're going to end up with
like 25 plus maybe 30
Yeah, let's remove some axes. Let's
clean this up and we'll come back to
that.
I could always give this to Exor Dev. I
think he does contracts work. He does uh
contract work. I could always get him to
look at it and say, "Hey, make it
pretty.
is Jacobian.
Jacobian attribution.
Um,
wait. You're thinking of correlation
based stuff, right?
I'm talking about if you have something
that is you have a set of
hyperparameters or a a very small space
of hyperparameters across all the
different values like all the different
hypers you have not just subsets of them
that work across all different ends. I
think it's a bit different.
Oh, that was the wrong one. This is fig
two.
Yeah. So, that is cool looking, but not
what we want, right?
You kind of need the axis for fig two
though.
Hyper prams do depend on the
architecture to some degree at the
least.
Yep.
No free
Meta RL for hypers. Good luck. It's
hard.
This is tne.
That's you pretty much have you have
this pretty much with tesne, don't you?
This is going to be cleaner though.
That's pretty viz. Yeah. Right.
Isn't it cool?
I actually
Hey guys, actually I had an idea. Um,
okay. Do you think that this looks
better if I move this UI control to the
bottom left and I move this to the if I
like move the UIs to the corners
basically? Do you think it looks better
or is that crazy?
So you basically get all the graphs
uninterrupted.
You don't care about cluster in the
sense of doing processing with them. No,
it's we are using them for real real
stuff. Lucid um you will see more of
that if you stick around. Like there is
going to be more analysis done on this.
It's the basically I already built a
prototype so I know pretty much how
everything is going to shake out. The
only thing I don't know is how we're
going to lay everything out and make
this nice and make this responsive and
stuff. So, I'm like fixing this stuff
now and then I'm going to do more of
that.
Should I try it? Move this to the
bottom. See what happens.
I guess the only thing is the drop down
would have to go upwards,
which I don't know if the ray lip drop
down can go up.
There's probably some version of it
though that can
all on the top.
Um I think that's going to be confusing
if the controls for each plot are not
next to each plot, right?
You mean just have like one big control
bar with everything?
That would give me room for my logo as
well.
We do have hover. It probably should not
be red, but we do have hover for the
fields.
Endgame is a nine figure open AI
acquisition.
Um,
I'd way rather that the end game for
this be that we advance RL in the open
and we get nine figures worth of revenue
with contracts. That'd be way better.
The goal of this is not to get acquired.
Like that could happen, I guess. But the
goal of this is to advance science and
make enough money in the process.
I don't know. I um I interned at OpenAI
for like six months during my undergrad
and it was a really awesome place back
then, but they don't do the same stuff
anymore.
No licensing model. It's all open
source.
We just do contracted work and we do
really good stuff.
People pay us for custom sims, custom RL
stuff, R&D, that sort of thing.
I really honestly I haven't done a ton
on the business side and the business
side is already doing like relatively
decent.
Like it's profitable. So
You know, this is a terrible idea, but
I'm doing this anyways. I'm going to put
this into Gro and just see
Ticker for axis.
Have a ticker for the axis and put them
all above. When you say all above, do
you mean like put the second row stacked
underneath the first row? Company's name
is Puffer AI.
It's at puffer.ai.
Okay, I hate this.
So, we definitely know not to do what
Grock says.
the one Carrison now Spencer's working
on it full-time
plus we do contracting thing.
We'll likely do some expansion as well.
I'm currently using WSL for dev. Want to
get a mini PC.
I don't know anything about I don't know
what an MSA2 is. Having a dedicated
Linux machine is good though.
I think I missed something from one of
those mechanics. You can have a ticker
all of them in the same row with
numbering.
Uh,
let me just think what that would look
like.
Do you have deep differential
deep technical differentiation? Well,
yes.
Hang on.
Uh, Lucid, my background is I'm an MIT
PhD. I've been doing this I've been
doing ML since I was 16. I've been doing
RL since OpenAI days, like 2018ish
maybe. Um, my PhD is in multi-agent RL.
I built Neuralarm MMO. It's like the
largest scale uh largest multi-agent
thing in academic research. I've been
building this for the last year and a
half. It's the fastest growing
reinforcement learning library. It has
multi-million step per second training.
It has custom Sims. I've built all the
infrastructure for custom SIMs. Like,
there's a lot a lot of stuff behind it.
And also, there's basically nobody doing
this who is remotely qualified at the
moment.
Yeah, I know, Carbon.
I'm doing this instead
because the thing about this is
I can basically guarantee the future of
this field. If I could do this for the
next couple of years, like pretty much
with the progress we've made in the last
year and a half and the remaining
questions that are open, I can pretty
much guarantee that we have the field
where it always should have been like
stable, mature, working roughly out of
the box on tons of new problems.
Um, like that's going to happen in the
next year, maybe two max.
Oh yeah, and uh Lucid, this UI has just
been like my project for the last week.
This is like one of the new things for
the next update.
There's a lot more than this.
The experiments and stuff behind this
have been the project for more than the
last week, but just these visuals have
been the project like the last me week.
and grad's cool. Um, there's not really
much reason for me to use it until it
has parody with uh PyTorch Perf on
Nvidia hardware. But right behind me,
right over there, two of those boxes up
there, those are tiny boxes. They're
running our experiments right now.
The Nvidia ones though, not the AMD
ones.
I think if I want to auto pit margins or
what I want to do.
I think I just add like a left versus
right, top verse bottom.
And uh I think we just fit everything
nicely.
I don't like how in order to make this
thing not clip, you have to be super far
zoomed out,
right?
Like look how far out I have to zoom to
not
flip.
Let me ask you some questions. Market's
guaranteed in two years. You get lunch.
Uh, Lucid, I literally don't care is the
thing. They can do that if they want,
but like I'm always going to have a job
anyways.
Um, and I think I'm probably going to
make money in the uh in the interim
anyways. And I'm going to get deeper
into applications than the big labs are
willing to. And this field is not going
anywhere if I don't do this. Nobody else
is doing this.
So it's basically like there is a
business model, right? And it does make
money. It already makes money, but it's
secondary, right?
So basically it's like yeah there's a
lot of ways that the business side could
get you know overtaken or whatever.
Regardless I am going to guarantee the
future of this field and I am almost
certainly you know barring other stuff
like that I like I'm almost certainly
going to make a ton of money in the
process anyways.
I mean ultimately if you hand me a
billion dollars today, I'm kind of going
to do the same stuff I've been doing
anyways and just like try to keep
advancing different areas of science.
That's sort of where I get my kicks
from. So
like I expect that I'm going to make
plenty of money doing this anyways.
This is kind of a decent viewing size,
right?
It's based on the progress that we've
made in the last year and a half and how
much stuff I know there is left to do.
you think getting into RL deeply is
still worth it? Of course. It's not
being oversaturated. Are you kidding me?
Literally, everybody's trolling. Nobody
knows what they're doing.
Like, outside of RL for LLMs, which is
kind of a joke. Like, literally, nobody
knows what they're doing.
Great time to learn some RL.
You see like physics to do RLbased
physics system. That's awesome.
Good for you, man. That sounds cool.
What do you think we should be learning
instead?
Yeah, it's kind of the coolest thing.
Like, when you just see the RL working,
it's so freaking cool. There's really
nothing else like it. That's why there's
so many new people like picking up
Puffer Lib and why we've got all these
new hobbyists into the field. It's like
we've actually made it pretty accessible
and it's just so cool, you know?
All right, that's decent.
Like this for now.
We're getting more streams. Yeah, I'm
pretty much just doing this all uh all
the time now. I have one meeting
tomorrow morning and then I'll be
keeping streaming a bunch. Is the puffer
lib onboarding just the Twitter blog
post? Yes, literally.
If you do that, you will become very
very capable. That's basically what
Spencer did and now he's doing a lot of
stuff with the clients with us. I mean,
we're basically just working on this
together now.
It used to be really really hard to do
anything on RL and it's just gotten a
lot easier
in a month. It won't take a month before
you have a decent NPR. If you at least
know like some basic low-level dev, you
will literally have a basic ENV in a few
days.
Like you'll probably have something
that's worth pring within a week.
Oh. Um,
implementing your own algorithms, Carbon
sucks, FYI. Like, if you try to go
implement your own PO, you will just
suffer.
Read the blog post to figure out why.
After messing with modelbased stuff, you
think it has potential.
Uh, it's tough, Pascal, because like
it sounds so promising, right? Like the
idea makes so much sense, but then there
like the gap between that as it's
written on paper and that when you go to
try to chuck it on your own problem is
so freaking huge.
Um,
for the time being,
I like my approach better. I will say
for the time being, I like the stuff
that I'm doing better. Um, the stuff I'm
doing is basically,
so the bet that I'm taking basically is
we can just do cracked out simulation
engineering
and that's a way better way to solve
problems.
The world model thing is like it's the
scaling bet, right? Like oh this scales,
but the thing is the base method is just
crap, right?
So
I don't necessarily I would be very
surprised if we had like world models
puffer lib style where you can take like
you know world models throw it on any of
the puffer m and do it on your desktop
in a few minutes. If you could do that,
then I would very much reconsider.
Like, let's say that you could spend
instead of spending three seconds on
Pong, let's say you could spend 30
seconds on Pong and solve it with um
like 50,000 samples or something and
then that actually worked for all the
other pufferms, then I would be a lot
more convinced.
If we had good world models, the work
here would be beneficial. Yeah, of
course, Carbon.
Halfway through Sutton's book. Do you
think their recommendations?
Yeah, Timmo, my uh my guide on X.
So, honestly, the stuff I recommend is a
lot easier than Sutton and Bardau to go
through. Um,
it's like my most popular piece of
content as well. I'll put it in the chat
since we got a whole bunch of new people
in here.
So, this guide, it's like all my best
advice. And honestly, if you're not like
a super experienced programmer who's
like sure that they figured everything
out already, there's good information in
here as well in the Nubier one.
This just has like all my best advice in
one place. And there's like it's not
just programming, there's advice for
like how to think about science as well
in here,
We're going to finish the uh
margin thing, right?
Whoop!
Something happened.
What do you mean determine what the
mapping is?
I do not understand question.
What M does a model need to be trained
on?
You train it on an M that looks a lot
like the specific app.
All right. So, I think you're thinking
like LLM RL, man. In LLM RL, it's like,
oh, what do we train our big models on?
In what I do, it's like, let's just
build a simulator of whatever problem
that we are interested in. We build it
as fast as possible, as accurate as it
needs to be. We randomize the crap out
of it. We pump like a pabyte through of
data through it if we have to because we
can actually just do that easily. And we
win.
and then we simply get really good at
writing Sims.
The tick tips off.
Oh, wait. No, it's right.
There we go.
That's quite nice.
Would you recommend a PhD?
I only recommend people who are dead set
on doing a PhD do a PhD.
I do not go out of my way to try to
convince anybody to do a PhD, even under
the best of circumstances.
And if you are smart, I will just
straight up discourage you from doing a
PhD anywhere outside of the top few
labs.
There we are.
Much nicer, right?
Um,
I would say it's not. You definitely
don't need a PhD to do meaningful novel
work.
It's a lot harder to get a job
without it, but that's not the same
thing. And there there are exceptions,
but like
okay, here's the real here's the real
situation, right? It's like
if you're outstanding,
the traditional path kind of sucks for
anything, right? Because the traditional
task just wastes your bloody time for
the sake of gaining some credentials
that don't actually help you do what you
want to do other than getting your foot
in the door. It doesn't actually teach
you [ __ ] right?
Whereas just learning stuff on your own,
if you're smart, you maximize the amount
of time you spend actually getting good
at the thing. But then you have to
overcome this very large measurement gap
in which like the people you want to
work with can't actually tell if you're
good or not. Right? So in my case, I
kind of have both because I've done like
non-traditional stuff where I've kind of
done just like a bunch of crazy out
there projects, but I also have a
Stanford BS and an MIT PhD. So if you're
the traditional type where you can't see
past credentials, I have them. If you
aren't and you want if you only care
about good work, I have plenty of it
lying around, right?
So, I'm kind of sitting pretty and I'm
not necessarily the best person to ask
for advice if you aren't. Um, I at least
try to be aware of that and I try to
kind of lay it out, right? Like the
interviewing game sucks. The like get
recognized because you're really good
path is also very hard, right?
And that's about the best answers I can
give you at 8:00 p.m.
Like you're talking to a guy that was
been in school until he was 27, had a
couple internships, like saw the big
company life, went screw that, and
started his own crazy little private
lab, and is now working out of a
warehouse in Maryland, half filled with,
well, almost entirely filled with gym
equipment and servers. Um, and currently
talking about himself in the third
person. That's who you're talking to for
advice
on that side of things.
Now, if you want to know how to get good
at RL on the other hand, I can
absolutely help you with that,
right?
I can absolutely help you get good at
RL.
And in fact, the cool thing,
so I've been a little bit, okay, real
talk, right? Like I've been a little bit
spotty on it lately because I've been
working on all this stuff and I have not
had time to do PR reviews, but like I do
periodically go through and do full code
reviews of contributed environments.
Um, if you're already writing like
passable code, that is a very very good
way to learn is just like make some M's,
contribute them to Puffer, and I will
give you feedback on stuff. That's kind
of the best deal out there. I do that
because these M's are really, really
helpful for research and we get more
people into this base by doing that.
Uh, I'm not giving you my precise geol
location, but I'm on my family has a
farm and I'm just here and
I got my servers, I got my gym
equipment. I'm having a good time just
sitting here coding.
Columbia. I see. Do you have a favorite
N? Absolutely.
Thousand agent environment,
miniature MMO, leveling, armor,
equipment, weapons, combat, progression,
trade, dynamic economy,
based on my own research from the last
like almost decade of my life.
How do you win the game? You can play it
if you just hit control on the website.
You can take over for the agent.
The goal is to just get max level at the
moment. And uh the model is about a
third of the way through the game. So it
is not a solved problem.
Okay, cool. So, this is compact
and uh we probably just have to add in a
tiny bit more like a tiny bit of margin
back so that it doesn't look so cramped.
I don't know why it's
some stuff got a little scrunched
somehow here.
Uh probably just the width of this,
right?
I'm reversing the draw order so that um
well
it was so that the um
What
Oh,
I just messed it up. Hang on.
Ah, shoot. You have to reverse the UI
draw, but not the fake draw.
have a sparkling chart. Welcome Cordy.
Model will beat the game.
Oh no. Um well, we will beat the game,
but like not the current model just by
running it for longer.
All right. So, we want to draw these
backwards, right? We draw three and four
and then we draw one and two.
Oh, I just copied the wrong thing. We're
good.
Okay, now look at this. The UIs don't
overlap.
It's lovely.
1 + doing a target and continuous reward
shaping.
There you go, Carbon.
We're going to make um
I'm going to make a quick commit before
I mess anything up.
I'm use the restroom real quick. I'm
going to do a couple sets and then we're
going to have half an hour left in the
stream for um
maybe we just do some we'll just chill
out and do some UI styling stuff. And if
I get bored of that, maybe I'll figure
out how I draw the puffer. I'm going to
make a constellation out of the puffer.
It's going to happen.
can I Yeah, I have the bench in the
frame. I'll be right back.
One sec.
I think I get a couple more in. That'll
be good.
A satisfactory number of
bench and cable curl sets have been
completed
for the day.
literally just get my whole workout in
throughout the
right. We were going to just fix up the
theming. Right.
Oh, did this actually work?
Is that my font?
That looks like the font, isn't it?
I can't tell.
Can I just do styled out font? Does that
work?
I'm just trying to figure out how to get
this thing to the textiles to load.
Yeah, see it's just falling back and not
loading the font.
Does this work?
Hang on.
This works right.
This is embedded
Yeah, this is the default font.
Okay. Okay. So, can I do the exact same
thing
but with
this font?
Well, now it loads, but it doesn't load.
It doesn't load the font.
just do gooey set. Wait, can I just do
this?
Well, I didn't do it today. I did it
before, man. You know,
Can probably increase these widths a
little bit.
Let me let me actually think how much I
can
cuz it's 960 and I have one two three
four
five
six seven
Wait. Five
6 7 right.
One last thing I want to do for now and
then I'm going to bed. I just want to
start one small thing.
Why am I removing the colors?
What do you mean?
Oh yeah, I'm messing with color themes
for a bit. Not final.
Yeah, that's no good.
First of all, that's way too many
points.
I'll keep working on this, but uh not
today.
I might have to get an artist for that.
I don't know how the [ __ ] to do this. I
was just trying to figure out um like a
little logo for this, right? I was
trying to make a constellation out of
the puffer so we can have like a, you
know, a few dot like puffer
constellation thing. If anybody has an
idea and wants to give it a whirl, be my
guest
I'm just trying to figure out a
constellation. Right. So, if you remove
the puffer cuz it's the new dashboard
bat. Have you seen it?
This is the new dashboard.
They're
pretty cool.
Um,
yeah, that's pretty cool.
So, I'm trying to figure out
uh I might be for a lot of my like large
scale stuff, but it's just it's part of
the update, right? You're still going to
have your support for Wii and Neptune.
It's just that you can also do this.
Now,
I just want to get like a little logo
that's, you know, maybe somewhere
between four and eight stars that
represent the puffer fish somehow.
It was probably something simpler,
right? Like
So bet it's a you know what a
constellation is right
like I'm trying to it's just points I
need to like if you can put like
somewhere between four and eight points
that actually like look like the puffer
you know like Orion
something like that, right? And I just
want to have something that we can use
as a like for the puffer. I mean, we
could just take this thing and have it
like trace or whatever and have it like
light. I don't know.
I'm just trying to think of some little
thing fun.
I mean, I can always get an artist to
mess with this stuff, right?
I have someone in mind for this, in
fact.
Well, I will give you a crack at it
then.
You may go try.
It's actually kind of tricky to do that
sort of thing. But right before I go to
bed, I mean, take a look at this.
Like, take a look at this, right? like
super snappy.
Get individual ones.
t embeddings of hyper prams. I figured
that like most of the axes I had were
kind of worthless. So, I'm going to make
it have tool tips. Like you're going to
be able to click on points
is the next thing.
I was wanting to do something like this
from the start, like as soon as I
thought of the name constellation,
right?
I don't know. I um it's a really really
cool thing going on here and I figured
it may as well look the part.
I have a couple more features to add in.
But I didn't just do the shaders today,
right? I also cleaned up the UI. I fixed
a ton of bugs. Um whole bunch of other
stuff with it.
Admittedly, I probably spent longer than
I should have on the shaders because
they were kind of jank, but it's not
terrible, and I'm still going to be able
to clean up the code nicely.
Anyways, I got to go do my stretching.
So, uh, for folks who've been watching
today for the reasonably long streaming
hours, actually,
thank you for joining in. All my stuff
is free. It's at puffer.ai. It's all
open source. If you want to support my
project for absolutely free, start the
repository. Helps me out a ton.
If you're interested in getting
involved, check the Discord.
If you want uh all the latest research
material and educational content as
well, it's on X.
And if you happen to be at a company
doing reinforcement learning, we have
services available as well.
Thank you. And I will be back
I will be back tomorrow
uh tomorrow morning.
Little bit late. Just a little tad late
I think because I have one meeting.
That'll be up.